Update known issues for Content Connectors UI capability gating (#150245)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search-connectors/es-connectors-known-issues.md

    **Fix**: Tracked in [elastic/connectors#4014](https://github.com/elastic/connectors/issues/4014). The fix is to bump `python-tds` to `>=1.15.0`, where the `pkg_resources` import was removed.

* **Content Connectors entry in Stack Management is visible to users without the `content_connectors` capability**

>     Even if a user did not have the `management.data.content_connectors` capability, they saw the **Content Connectors** entry in the Stack Management sidebar; navigating to it returned a 403.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Even if a user did not have the `management.data.content_connectors` capability, they saw the **Content Connectors** entry in the Stack Management sidebar. Navigating to it returned a 403.
```

>     The Content Connectors management app was registered asynchronously inside a `core.getStartServices().then(...)` callback during the plugin's `setup()` phase. Registration resolved after Kibana's management plugin had already completed its capability-based disable sweep, so the app remained enabled regardless of the user's `management.data.content_connectors` capability. Users without that capability — for example, a role granting only `Observability > APM and User Experience: Read` — saw the **Content Connectors** entry in the Stack Management sidebar; navigating to it returned a 403.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Even if a user did not have the `management.data.content_connectors` capability, they saw the **Content Connectors** entry in the Stack Management sidebar; navigating to it returned a 403.
```

>     **Affected versions**: Kibana 9.0 through 9.4 prior to the fix. Earlier versions are unaffected because the Content Connectors UI was introduced in 9.0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Affected versions**: Kibana 9.0 through 9.4.
```

>     **Fix**: Resolved in [elastic/kibana#271709](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/271709) and shipped in Kibana 9.3, 9.4, and 9.5. The management app is now registered synchronously in `setup()` so Kibana's capability sweep correctly hides it for users without the `content_connectors` capability.

Reviewer 2: Should specify which patch versions this will land in.

Author: Done.

>     **Fix**: Resolved in [elastic/kibana#271709](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/271709) and shipped in Kibana 9.3, 9.4, and 9.5. The management app is now registered synchronously in `setup()` so Kibana's capability sweep correctly hides it for users without the `content_connectors` capability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    **Fix**: Resolved in [elastic/kibana#271709](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/271709) and shipped in Kibana 9.3, 9.4, and 9.5. 
```
